Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
Products
Solutions
Resources
Enterprise
Pricing
Get a demo
Get started
Login
Free Tools
AI Search Intelligence
Web Intelligence
App Intelligence
Sales Intelligence
Retail Intelligence
Stock Intelligence
Similarweb AI Search Intelligence

Turn AI search from a blind spot into a growth channel, with the competitive intelligence to see where you stand and how to win

Learn more
AI Brand Visibility
AI Citation Analysis
AI Prompt Analysis
AI Sentiment Analysis
AI Traffic Tracker
ChatGPT Traffic Tracker
Perplexity Traffic Tracker
Claude Traffic Tracker
Grok Traffic Tracker
Gemini Traffic Tracker
Deepseek Traffic Tracker
AI Search Optimization Toolsets
GEO Tools
AEO Tools
Explore API
By Team
By Industry
Similarweb AI
Data as a Service
Advisory Services & Reporting
Similarweb AI
AI Studio
Ask Similarweb questions in natural language and get expert-level insights
AI Agents
Put digital intelligence on autopilot with AI Agents
Data for AI
Power smarter AI models, agents, and applications with digital insights at scale.
MCP
Connect Similarweb's trusted digital intelligence directly to your AI agents, tools, and workflows
Plan earlier and better for the 2026 holiday season
Top Holiday 2026 Shopper Trends
Understand how shoppers are researching, comparing and deciding earlier, and what’s shaping demand across the full season
Download Now
Contact sales
Start free trial
Learn
Seasonal Product Launch
Help Center
Developers Center
Explore
Blog
Customer Stories
Reports & Insights
Webinars
Events
Company
About Us
Our Data
Investor Relations
Plan earlier and better for the 2026 holiday season
Top Holiday 2026 Shopper Trends
Understand how shoppers are researching, comparing and deciding earlier, and what’s shaping demand across the full season
Download Now
Contact sales
Start free trial
Now live
The official Gen AI Landscape report for 2026 is here. Don’t miss out!
Get your copy
Home
Website Traffic Checker
Website Traffic Checker

Monitor your competitors' digital performance with fresh, actionable insights into your market.

Search
3/3

Popular sites to analyze: nike.com, cnn.com

Your competitors are showing up in AI. Are you?

Get a 7-day free trial of Similarweb to try our AEO tools. And make sure your brand shows up wherever users are looking for you.

Try for free
Check & Analyze Website Traffic With Similarweb
Reveal the most accurate, up-to-date traffic & engagement data to analyze your competitors’ performance and strategies, and to optimize your own
Enter any domain into the search bar above
Click the 'Analyze traffic' button
Get data & insight into the website’s traffic stats, global rankings, SEO keywords, referring domains, top search ads, website technologies, and more!
Check any competitor's website traffic & engagement

Access the website data to any domain you want, and use the comparison tool for effective and actionable competitive analysis.

Check up to 5 competitors now
Analyze competitor's top traffic-driving channels

Check and compare any website's traffic sources, understand your competitor's marketing strategies and priorities.

Analyze your competitors’ traffic sources
Identify top keywords driving traffic to any domain

See real traffic data for any domain's top keywords, including accurate search data, total ranked keywords, CPC, and actual clicks. Easily analyze your competitors' search performance and spot new keyword opportunities.

Check website keywords
Discover top domains driving traffic to any website

Get insight into top backlinks and domains referring traffic to your competitors. Analyze domains link equity to sharpen your own linking & referral traffic strategy

Find backlink opportunities
Quickly discover new opportunities to win website traffic

Analyze gaps in your traffic, keywords, backlinks, content, creatives, and more. Easily spot competitors' weaknesses and build the right strategy to increase your own market share.

Start analyzing

Free Website Intelligence Tools

Global Website Traffic Rankings

Check traffic & engagement stats for the top websites and their performance across hundreds of countries and categories. Choose any category or country below to see the most visited websites, ranked by traffic.

By country

Analyze the top websites in 50+ countries to gain insight into different market behaviors and leaders, helping you understand new global and regional market opportunities.

Worldwide
United States
India
Singapore
Japan
United Kingdom
Italy
France
Germany
Ukraine
By category

Discover the most visited websites in 200+ categories to understand who you’re competing against. Analyze the top players in your industry to optimize and efficiently prioritize your own digital strategy.

Ecommerce & Shopping
Lifestyle
Real Estate
Streaming & Online TV
Games
Social Media Networks
News & Media Publishers
Travel and Tourism
Finance
Health
Website Intelligence Resources & Guides

Learn how Similarweb Website Intelligence can help you achieve growth through any digital marketing channel - from SEO and PPC through affiliate marketing to social and content marketing. Get the data you need to analyze your competitors, launch effective campaigns, and create flawless digital strategies - all in one platform.

How to Check Website Traffic: Analyzing the Digital Data
This comprehensive guide offers everything you should know about checking your website traffic, including the best tools and insights you need to navigate the ever-changing digital world and make data-driven decisions.
Read more
How to Do a Competitive Analysis: A Complete Guide
Learn how to perform a complete competitive analysis in the most efficient way possible so that you can repeat the process regularly, and leverage actionable insights to drive your website growth.
Read more
Mind The Gap: A Complete Guide to Traffic Gap Analysis (+ Checklist)
A step-by-step guide to traffic gap analysis, where you will uncover both your own and your competitors’ successes and shortfalls, finding your areas of opportunity and growth to optimize your traffic acquisition strategy.
Read more
FAQ
Is Similarweb Traffic Checker free?

Yes - just type any website address into the search bar on this page, and pick the desired domain from the drop-down list to analyze.

How does Similarweb get traffic data?
How accurate is Similarweb traffic data?
Start using Similarweb Website Intelligence Today

Unlock industry-leading web traffic data and gain valuable insights into your competitors' digital marketing strategies. Analyze user behavior, uncover key traffic sources to any website, and identify growth opportunities to grow your market share.

Try Similarweb for free
Follow us on:

Rua Jaceru, 225 - Vila Gertrudes,
São Paulo, Brazil,
04705-000

Get our free extension
Rankings
Top Websites
Top Android Apps
Top iOS Apps
Top Amazon Products & Brands
Digital 100
Mobile vs. Desktop
Free Tools
Website Traffic Checker
AI Traffic Checker
Free App Analytics
Keyword Generator
SERP Seismometer
Solutions
Enterprise
Web Intelligence
App Intelligence
Retail Intelligence
Sales Intelligence
Stock Intelligence
Data-as-a-Service
Advisory Services
Custom Reporting
Data
Our Data
Verify Your Website
Browser Extension
Resources
Blog
Reports
Webinars
Events
Knowledge Center & Support
Insights
About us
Company
Partners
Customers
Leadership
Acquisitions
Careers
Press
Engineering
Pricing
Investor Relations
Media Data Access
Customer Reviews
See all Similarweb offices
English
Categories
Countries
Privacy
Security
Terms
Equal Pay
Manage Cookies
Accessibility Menu

© Similarweb LTD 2026 All Rights Reserved

You have 3 of 3 daily searches remaining.
You have 3 of 3 daily searches remaining.